[Music]
this is the last stream maybe last
stream you'll see me with hair I'm going
to shave it all off so what we had we've
had Christmas we've had New Year's
we've had World War three we've had
Australia on fire it's like it when I'm
not streaming the world goes to [__]
maybe that's the key maybe if I keep
streaming now everything will get better
well while I am
while I am streaming now I think I think
we do need to we do need to raise some
money for what went wrong while I was
gone mainly I think I think I want to I
think my my my vision is set on
Australia right now I think Australia
needs to help if you're from Australia
hello good morning it's like 8 a.m. 9
a.m. there right now today we're gonna
do a classic you laugh you lose you know
the ones those those kites if you don't
know what's going on right now basically
media share is a system where people can
donate money and it will put a video up
on the screen so 50 cents for one second
of video time I'm gonna be calculating
all the money we made on the stream
today and I'm gonna be donating every
single penny to an Australian relief
charity maybe the Red Cross I've got a
research into some more charities before
I don't X I wanna make sure I get it
right I think we should start that's the
most important thing of all winning the
trust of people that have put their
trust in us many of them for the first
time and Boris will have my full support
as he does that I don't know I was
talking to a tree it's a good one
God why waste your money on a bad video
it's not like any of this is gonna go
anywhere interest just gonna go to my
pocket I I lied to you guys just then a
couple minutes ago obviously keeping all
the money no money's great Australia at
all you know what I'm gonna go out and
say it I'm a fraud I'm a hack
[Applause]
he doesn't like the lake hey sorry to
interrupt viewer but do you know
something that isn't a joke and isn't
something that you should laugh or lose
at cyber security and privacy on the
Internet - Lane is the perfect tool for
you it's a password manager and a VPN
there was a new desktop and your phone
it's completely free to try it's a safe
and fast way of making sure you never
forget important information and make
sure you're never forced to make that
absolutely horrible social anxiety
inducing call to prove you're who you
say you are to whatever company so you
can get your passwords reset it comes
with a VPN and autofill manager password
manager and lots more safe and easy ways
to allow you to get around the internet
smoothly and without being spied on -
Lane works across all your devices
meaning no matter where you are you can
still use its features go to - Lane com4
slash will look to get - Lane for free
on your first device and then when you
want to upgrade to premium at any time
you just use code wilber for 10% off
premium so I'd like to extend the
special thanks to - Lane for sponsoring
this video again and thanks to you for
watching it I hope you enjoy the rest
idiot pay attention pay attention
oh okay we're good
Margaret fire is dead these aren't good
anymore
these aren't funny these aren't good
doing the dong the wicked baked cheese
they're sometimes funny
[Music]
fine if I can't have my shoes Karen
can't have her mom
my mum never used to let me watch like I
guess you'd call them America's Funniest
Home Videos in America my mom would
never let me watch them for the sole
reason that she thought that people
getting hurt wasn't funny
and all that's done for me is made me
just have this weird sense of humor I
love seeing people get hurt she's made
me a sadist
my own mother has given me a sadist
sense of humor
these clappers were made from an old
cherry tree were they now why is that
making me giggle innocent konichiwa it's
me
tofu challenge do you have a bread stuff
is taking up too much space in your
house ha ha I want you to send me death
threats I'm accepting all types baguette
sour drove loaf of bread potato bread
brioche pita breads bagel banana bread
communion wafers and all other breads
and for limited file you can centrally
not one but two breads that's right not
one that's two breads what am I doing
with the bread it's a secret
call now 1 800 why does he want bread
change your charity from Australia to
tofu Chan the Shiba does he need money
he looks too powerful
my
[Music]
okay stop okay right do we need to go
into all aid for the first time don't
cut this like you did last time Jack
alright I want them to hear right
rule one though boomers roll - no zoom
it's rule 3 no weebs of penalty of death
rule for no Marvel stance rule 5 Stan
Luna rule 6 Kim know kpop rule 7 no My
Little Pony Friendship is [__] and rule
a no sending me the same thing twice
right with that out of the way let's get
into the next video it's called jump
around dog Oh submitted by the EP let's
go see the way he perambulated I need
our parishes
oh geez
I can't do anything with a green-screen
why is that making me love editor just
do something funny with the green screen
do make them make the green screen just
explode there oh I just rose because I'm
donating all this money to charity I'm
actually making a loss on this video
because of the editing and stuff so so
I'm gonna get my money's worth jack zoom
in on my face now make my face like make
my eyes really big like my eyes huge
right I make my mouth like like look
here right and then and then make make
the clock follow my finger
[Music]
weird around the offices you've got a
fat yes I do I've got a fact - maybe we
should rub our fact together sometime
maybe a little oil American Americans
stop sending me penis videos Zack stop
Zack start you're gonna get in trouble
yeah a great vine right but I have a
theory about that video they saw some
being arrested outside their house at
night so they filmed it and then the
next day they got their mate to dress up
like the guy in the video any big brains
I'm not gonna say you guys know what's
you guys know what's give me the number
what number of rule is that guys come on
[Music]
[__]
this guy came out of nowhere and said
I'll give you a bag of Fritos if you let
me give you a prostate exam it happened
right over there people have been weird
[Applause]
[Music]
that I I've seen save a trumpet boy
right trumpet boy as a meme well it
grotesquely underrated like it's just is
just such a such a brilliant compilation
of just of reactions and stuff her on
the frame just a boy playing his drum
fair and just this girl just like
walking away mad she's not not stood
there talking to this buzzer she is
actively escaping actively fleeing this
noise machine boy covering her is in
fact it's a brilliant it's a brilliant
name all right
you love me too yeah I got you I got
this on camera
holy moly
hmm Wendy's
Wendy's spicy chicken sandwich starts I
like that just for the timing that one
gets a smirk out of me and as a tomato
my father tonight
[Music]
[Applause]
that's so spa that's a good one
rule eight all right put rule eight on
screen Jack he had some seaweed in his
throat okay
cheeto no evidence is right here
oh no there's another one who is this
female this chick just came up to you
you got my guy you got so much something
similar girl about sex
wait that's not the right one I can't
hold on I'll find it in a second oh you
got two [__] in your house you got
man roblox no no when someone leaves
their door open guests come in your
house and then just innovate why is it
he's got a point
I'm gonna stop him right there he has
got a point
she's in your house they want that fire
this is a very inappropriate bad brother
bad brother all right
[Applause]
oh I'm building I'm building up the
giggle I'm building up the giggle Cheeto
Jack put this in the video and put my
Instagram on the screen at Wilbur sir on
instagram follow me I post pictures of
myself in daringly effeminate poses
that's what we're raising money for
ladies and gentlemen I want to see more
kangaroos attacking people that's what
we're raising money for today
no weaves no weaves but you know what
for once for once ladies and gentlemen
for once the weaves have done something
good the weaves are done Sango cause
despite the fact that weaves aren't
funny Oh
funny they still donated money to a
charity you know maybe something good is
coming out of weaves aside from you know
brilliant again it's me
Chito see I'm better though I'm better
at this now from this moment on you will
now be known as shark bait hmm
oh that overs got me
[Music]
that's really good
that's good it's no funny but it's
really good well wait do that again
hmm the salmon cabin Charlie the giant
horse [__] wins over 11 pounds
[Music]
SuperMario in real life spaghetti I need
you stop - I've just think you can lay
around my house all day do a goal
buffeted a good job yes good sauce to
draw like and [__] inside your dog is
the sole wolf
I was I was on YouTube
checking my indirects and I found this
this lovely gentleman this is I'm
allowed to laugh so this video is called
Wilbur cert doing try not to laugh
challenge
I watched the beginning and then I
stopped and I just want you guys to I
just wanted to enjoy this with you today
okay hey guys so we're back with another
fun try not to laugh challenge and last
time everyone was really really unfunny
so let's just see if they can manage to
make us laugh you know this is just
embarrassing
this is embarrassing what did I say
about boomers being in the Chuck but no
no boomers no Zuma's and no
twelve-year-old messed up
please give me another chance please
give me another chance
please give me another chance I'm
begging you I take back everything I
said about your memes please give me
another chance
the second off so good laughs yeah yeah
yeah second I thought yeah content
garbage as usual oh that like it is fun
uh hi guys uber suit here where we do
another eel awfully
what is that was it baby child
[Music]
can you say hello no let me smash please
mom's gonna kill us the title of this
one's already over Scott will read the
title
[Music]
listen chat right people watching this
at home I'm gonna give you more videos
to make me laugh the next 10 have to
make me laugh if you fail to make me
laugh then none of the money goes to
Australia I keep every cent each and
what God's will than me
Putin Trump I'll [__] with you Lord he
kills a gun to my kim jongmin I'll see
you on the court [__] try me
again I'll cut the rice exports bas of
my police are here you're done for
cheese burglar
I love fear the it use you're scum
Wilbur is gonna be the guy you some
jacket obviously we're running out of
time you're running out of time
[Music]
last chance
This Is It this is the last chance
[Music]
listen guys Australia for you this one's
for you Australia I will be donating
every penny to Australia don't worry it
was a joke I had you haha none of you
made me laugh though so I take home that
one little victory thank you
I win though I win remember that
[Music]